added more reference guides (#40)
kdesai2018/ultimate-hackathon-starting-guide: github/README.md

Remember to **pull** changes from the remote branch to your local copy whenever your teammate makes a change. The pull command pretty much just copies whatever changes have been made on the remote branch you are pulling from, onto your local device. This ensures that everyone has the most up to date version of the code, and no one is working on an already solved bug or code someone else has changed. 

## How to setup a git repo
1. Create remote repo
2. Create local repo w/ the same name as remote repo
3. Open terminal
4. $ cd <PATH TO LOCAL REPO>
5. $ touch README.md
6. $ git init
7. $ git add .
8. $ git commit - m "initial commit"
9. $ git remote add origin <REMOTE REPO>
10. $ git push -u -f origin master
11. $ git pull

> ## How to continuously integrate your work w/ remote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to continuously integrate your work with the remote branch on Github
```

1. $ git add <file name>

> 2. $ git commit -m "<message>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. $ git commit -m "detailed commit message here"
```
